Update pkgs.k8s.io blog to reflect legacy repos removal (#45682)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2023-08-15-pkgs-k8s-io-introduction.md

   curl -fsSL https://pkgs.k8s.io/core:/stable:/v1.28/deb/Release.key | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/kubernetes-apt-keyring.gpg
   ```

>     _Update: In releases older than Debian 12 and Ubuntu 22.04, the folder `/etc/apt/keyrings` does not exist by default, and it should be created before the curl command._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   _Update: In releases older than Debian 12 and Ubuntu 22.04, the folder `/etc/apt/keyrings` does not exist by default, and it should be created before the curl command._
```

Author: It's unfortunately not enough, it works only with 4 spaces
<img width="984" alt="image" src="https://github.com/kubernetes/website/assets/18719127/e3fb10b4-5537-40ef-9aab-6f5ebb0002bc">

Reviewer: OK

   EOF
   ```

## Where can I get packages for Kubernetes versions prior to v1.24.0?

_(updated on March 26, 2024)_

> Kubernetes does not have official Linux packages available for earlier releases of Kubernetes;

Reviewer: We don't offer Windows packages either, right? So:
```suggestion
For Kubernetes v1.24 and onwards, Linux packages of Kubernetes components are available for
download via the official Kubernetes package repositories.
Kubernetes does not publish any software packages for releases of Kubernetes older than v1.24.0;
```

Author: Done
